hey guys so there was something new for
you if you know my channel for a while
you may know that I've done some 2x2
hipsters three appear bullet here's the
farts
well now you should be asking yourself
why for hip still goes but they are
actually nine if you count the true
battery hipster doll the same hipster
died I made some agro and etc but this
door has something special let me show
you
so this is the wiring this is the most
compact 2x2 hipsters are working and the
size is 5 by 5 by 10 or 250 blocks in
total not only that but it's also button
activated what allowed me to do that was
the double box sender use both in the
opening and the closing the rest of the
circuit use this T flip-flop so it only
activates on the second time you press
the button but now if you haven't slept
with my bar in talking let's go with the
tutorial so let's start out with our
trip extender put a 2 by 2 plate room
with twist 2 repeaters on one tick and
repeat it up here now he put I stick
piece on with a block on top I'll repeat
that and right send us and on top of it
a dropper facing up another dropping
field facing towards this one a hopper
facing down and another facing towards
this and here will be your input now he
put anything and on the side of this
piston good put our a dust now I block
you repeat on two ticks going to a block
eat rats don't touch another redstone
torch with a block on top here put
another another block with redstone on
top
I'm slab going to a block and a repeater
on one tick now he put a button to
change the the redstone dust and
here we can already test our the box and
you can see it works but if it doesn't
work change this to a redstone dust
add that redstone torch here and now
redstone dust
okay now from here put a redstone
comparator no going to up wrestle dust 2
repeaters on two ticks wrestle a piston
with a block on top another redstone
repeater going up and slap you see
repeaters on one tick and to stick
business and that's it
that will be your first block retraction
and you can whoops
so you can see that we already have a
clock now for the second block
retraction go here put a redstone
repeater on Monty another two redstone
repeaters and thus up now on the side
put dust on top block - I'll repeat on
three ticks keep it down three ticks you
go inside this super block with a
redstone torch on top a non-western
touch and your floor bak he put a block
- two repeaters one on one tick and the
wall allowed the second one on critics
now going to attach another brush and
add darker now he put oops here put a
repeater on one tick but if it didn't
work last time change this to a repeater
here and you have to use a wooden button
to activate it but for now let's leave
it like this and now let's go over here
put two blocks with redstone dust go
down to put
repeat on critics repeater on three
ticks again does see a block oops a bug
and repeat on four ticks and over here
go down repeat on to sorry for chicks
for ticks again top block with a
redstone torch on top a repeater stick
piston block and rest on this sorry it
has to be lucky with redstone dust on
top
I think it should be solar stuff
yeah that's it so that's basically it
thanks for watching